Data Destruction Agreement 

MIDCON Data Services, LLC. 

This Data Destruction ("Agreement"), is made and entered into the 17h day ofOctober 2016, (the "Effective 
Date") by and between Abello roofing and Construction ("Company"), and MIDCON Data Services, LLC, an 
Oklahoma limited liability company ("MIDCON"). 

I. 
Data Destruction -The Company agrees to use MIDCON exclusively for all its data destruction services, to 
include document shredding, magnetic media destruction, and hard drive destruction. MIDCON will provide 
certified data destruction along with the necessary, lockable containers, and will provide scheduled pickup 
and/or delivery of containers based on the needs of the Company during the hours of 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM 
Monday thru Friday. Afterhours, weekends, and holidays are excluded unless prior arrangements are made. 
A certificate ofdestruction will be provided with the invoice after completion. 
2. 
Term -The initial term ofthis Agreement shall be for a period of two years commencing on the Effective 
Date of October 17, 2016 and ending on October 16, 2018. Upon the expiration ofthe Initial Term, the 
Agreement shall be automatically renewed, upon the same terms and conditions, for successive one ( 1) year 
terms (the "Renewal Term" together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless either party provides the other 
party with prior written notice of its intention to terminate the Agreement, such notice to be provided Sixty 
(60) days prior to the expiration of any Renewal Term. 
3. 
Priclllg -Pricing f"!/l.30"c;~fistedBelow: 

One Secure Console @~ermonth 

Shredding Schedule (circle one) 

Weekly Bi-Weekly ~Other 

4. 
Confidentiality. MIDCON acknowledges that some or all of the Materials may be proprietary and/or 
confidential in that the information contained in the Materials is not generally known to the public or by 
competitors of the Company and derives its value from remaining undisclosed (the "Confidential 
Information. MIDCON hereby covenants and agrees to use MIDCON's best efforts and exercise utmost 
diligence to protect and safeguard the Confidential Information. MIDCON shall not, either during the Term 
or after termination ofthis Agreement, directly or indirectly use any Confidential Information for MIDCON's 
own benefit or the benefit ofanother. MIDCON shall have each of its employees handling the Confidential 
Information execute and deliver an Employee Confidentiality Agreement, agreeing not to view or distribute 
the Confidential Information. 
5. 
Assignment. This agreement shall not be assigned by the Company without the prior written consent of 
MIDCON. In the event ofa permitted assignment ofthis Agreement, the assignee shall assume all obligations 
ofthe assignor under this Agreement. 
6. 
Termination-Ifthe Company elects to terminate this Agreement prior to the end ofthe Initial Term or any 
Renewal Term ofthe Agreement, the Company must provide MIDCON with prior written notice ofno less 
than sixty (60) days. Company will be obligated to pay the average monthly destruction charges through 
the remaining term ofthe Agreement. 

7. 
Waiver. Failure ofeither party to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver 
of such right, and the failure of either party to terminate this Agreement for breach or default shall not be 
deemed to be a waiver ofthe right to do so for any subsequent breach or default or for the continuing breach 
or default ofthe other party. Additionally, the failure ofany one provision or term ofthis Agreement for any 
reason, shall have no impact on the validity ofthe remaining provisions ofthis Agreement. 
8. 
Amendment. Except as provided herein, this Agreement may be changed, waived, discharged, or amended 
only by an instrument in writing signed by representatives of both parties having the requisite authority 
necessary to bind the respective party. Additionally, each party acknowledges that its representative 
executing this contract has the necessary authority to bind the respective party for the purposes of this 
Agreement. 
9. 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under the laws ofthe State ofOklahoma, 
except for any laws or rules regarding conflicts oflaw that would require application ofthe laws ofany other 
jurisdiction. 
10. 
Entire Agreement. The parties hereto agree that this Agreement, including any attachments hereto, shall 
constitute the entire Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter and supersedes any prior 
written or oral understanding ofany kind between the Company and MIDCON. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Agreement execute it effective as ofthe Effective Date. 

By:?'W 4~


/Jbliese~~ivefibe //U 

Print Name 

By: 

1;1;:a,11 

MmcOData Services, LLC 

An Oklahoma Limited Liability Company 

kc4~ 

37e90 4-£ 1-/~w 3 l 

~1-/-4 I 

r;;>t(_ 


~hl/1// 13, ·/('iv 
::5/~p hA-N1i;@A-b.elioc~111.ik<A-{~rv .. ~o~ 


