AGREEMENT FOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES 
BETWEEN TA 1, OKLAHOMA CITY URBAN RENEWAL AUTHORITY ANO 
MID-CON DATA SERVICES, L.L.C. 


WHEREAS, the Oklahoma City Urban Renewal Authority ("Authority") is a public 
body corporale created pursuant to the Oklahoma Urban Redevelopment Law, 11 O.S. § 38-101, 
et seq., authorized to exercise its powers pursuant to resolution of the City Council of the City of 
Oklahoma City ("City"); and 

WHEREAS, the Authority is cu1Tently and has been previously engaged in the 
implementation and administration of several urban renewal plans throughout Oklahoma City as 
adopted by the Authority; and 

WHEREAS, the Authority desires to more effectively organize and store records created 
or retained by the Authority in its implementation and administration activities; and 

WHEREAS, the Authority, as pm1 of its Community Development Block Grant 
("CDBG") Operating Agreement with the City, has been awarded CDBG funds for the purposes 
set fo11h herein; and 

WHEREAS, the Scope of Work included in this Agreement is authorized as pa11 of the 
City's approved CDBG project; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Oklahoma Urban Redevelopment Law, the powers of the 
Authority are vested in and shall be exercised by the Board of Commissioners; and 

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners have authorized the Authority's procurement 
of qualified data management companies top perfmm a records management study through the 
publication and advertising of a Request for Proposals ("RFP") for such service to assist the 
Authority with improving its records management; and 

WHEREAS, MID-ON Data Services, L. . . all klahoma limited Ii~¥ company 
("MID-CON"), has submitted a response to the RFP and has be ·11 • ·le ·1 d a1-t~ p qualjficd 
firm o+ 1 · ' • 1 • • • 1; and , 

WHEREAS, the Authority's procurement and selection processes have complied with 
the provisions for soliciting professional service providers required by the federal regulations 
implementing the CDBG program; and 

WHEREAS, it is appropriate and desirable to , ard MID-CON a professional services 
agreement to complete the work contemplated by the · FP. 

/1

NOW, THEREFORE, effective Novcmb 1 17. 2 14, the Oklahoma City Urban 
Renewal Authority ("Authority"), having a principal . lace f business at 105 No11h Hudson, 
Suite 101, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102, and MID-ON Data Services, L.L.C. ("MID-

Agreement Jor Professional Services--Oklahoma City Urban 

Page I 

Renewal Authority and MID-CON Dala Services. LLC 


CON"), having a principal place of business located at 13431 North Broadway Extension, Suite 
1I 5, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73114, agree to all the foregoing and further agree as follows: 

Section 1. Services to be Provided. MID-CON shall complete in a satisfactory and 
proper manner, as determined by the Authority, the services, activities, and work products 
described in the Exhibit "A" to this Agreement ("Scope of Work"). MID-CON shall provide 
biweekly updates to the Authority on progress toward completion of the Scope of Work. The 
Authority will provide such assistance and guidance as may be required to support the objectives 
set fo11h in the Scope of Work and will provide compensation for services as set fo11h in Section 
3 below. Additionally, the Authority shall provide final approval of all records destruction 
activities outline in the Scope of Work. MID-CON shall immediately notify the Authority of any 
unforeseen issues that might impact the Scope of Work or cost. 

f.c) / /Cj

Se · im,:2. Term of A re icnt. The term of this Agreement shall be from 
Novcmb r 17. 2014 through Januarj/ I<,. ~015. All scheduled sep-·c s, activities or work 
products tO\ itl@tl for in this Agreemcnf S'h, 1 be completed by January I(1,,. _OJ 5. 

/C 

Section 3. Consideration. Ln exchange for the scrvic s, acttvities, and work 
products to be provided under this Agreement, the Authority shall pay MID-CON $11,160.00. 
MID-CON shall bill and the Authority shall pay a pro-rata portion of the amount monthly, for 
each respective month of the Term. Tt is understood that this Agreement is funded in whole or in 
part with CDBG funds through the Oklahoma City Community Development Block Grant 
Program as administered by the City and the Authority, and is subject to those regulations and 
restrictions normally associated with federally-funded programs. MID-CON's DUNS number is 
858566649. Every invoice MID-CON sends to the Authority shall include MID-CON's DUNS 
number and the percentage of the Scope of Wark that has been completed to date. 

Section 4. Records. MTD-CON agrees to maintain such records and follow such 
procedures as may be required under the City's CDBG Program and any such procedures as the 
Authority may prescribe, including but not limited to the Authority's records retention policy. ln 
general, such records will include information pe11aining to the Agreement, obligations and 
unobligated balances, assets and liabilities, outlays, equal oppo11unity, labor standards (as 
appropriate), and performance. 

All such records and all other records pertinent to this Agreement and work unde11aken 
under this Agreement shall be retained by MID-CON for a period of four years after final audit 
of the Authority's CDBG project, unless a longer period is required to resolve audit findings or 
litigation. In such cases, the Authority shall request a longer period of record retention. 

The Authority, the City, and authorized representatives of the federal government shall 
have full access to all books, documents, papers and records of MID-CON which are directly 
pertinent to this Agreement for the purpose of making audit, examination, excerpts, and 
transcriptions. 

Agreement fen Professional Scrvices--Oklahoma City Urhan 

Page 2 

Renewal Authority and MlD-CON Data Scrvi<;es. l..l..C 


Section 5. Relationship. The relationship of MID-CON to the Authority shall be 
that of an independent consultant rendering professional services. MID-CON shall have no 
authority to execute contracts or to make commitments on behalf of the Authority and nothing 
contained herein shall be deemed to create the relationship of employer and employee or 
principal and agent between the Authority and MID-CON. 

Section 6. Suspension and Termination. If MID-CON fails to comply with the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Authority may pursue such remedies as are legally 
available, including but not limited to, the suspension or termination of this contract in the 
manner specified herein: 

a. Suspension. If MID-CON fails to comply with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, or whenever MID-CON is unable to substantiate full compliance with provisions of 
this Agreement, the Authority may suspend the contract pending corrective actions or 
investigation, effective not less than seven (7) days following written notification to MID-CON 
or its authorized representative. The suspension will remain in full force and effect until MIDCON 
has taken corrective action to the satisfaction of the Authority and is able to substantiate its 
full compliance with the terms and conditions of this contract. No obligations incurred by MIDCON 
or its authorized representative during the period of suspension will be allowable under the 
contract except: 
(i) Reasonable, proper and otherwise allowable costs which MID-CON could not 
avoid during the period of suspension; 
(ii) Ifupon investigation, MID-CON is able to substantiate complete compliance with 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, otherwise allowable costs incurred during the period 
of suspension will be allowed; and 
(iii) In the event all or any portion of the work prepared or partially prepared by MIDCON 
is suspended, abandoned or otherwise terminated, the Authority shall pay MID-CON for 
work performed to the satisfaction of the Authority, in accordance with the percentage of the 
work completed. 
b. Termination for Cause. If MID-CON fails to comply with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement and any of the following conditions exists: 
(i) The lack of compliance with the provisions of this Agreement is of such scope 
and nature that the Authority deems continuation of the Agreement to be substantially 
detrimental to the interests ofthe Authority; 
(ii) MID-CON has failed to take satisfactory action as directed by the Authority or its 
authorized representative within the time period specified by same; 
Agreement tor Professional Services-Oklahoma City Urban 

Page 3 

Renewal Authority and MID-CON Data Services, L.L.C. 


(iii) MID-CON has failed within the time specified by the Authority or its authorized 
representative to satisfactorily substantiate its compliance with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement; then, 
the Authority may terminate this Agreement in whole or in part, and thereupon shall notify MIDCON 
of termination, the reasons therefore, and the effective date, provided such effective date 
shall not be prior to notification of MID-CON. After this effective date, no charges incurred 
under any terminated portions of the Scope of Work are allowable. 

c. Termination for Other Grounds. This Agreement may also be te1minated in 
whole or in part: 
(i) By the Authority, with the consent of MID-CON, or by MID-CON with the 
consent of the Authority, in which case the two parties shall devise, by mutual agreement, the 
conditions of termination, including effective date and, in case of termination in part, that portion 
to be terminated; 
(ij) If the funds allocated by the Authority via this Agreement are from anticipated 
sources of revenue, and if the anticipated sources of revenue do not become available for use in 
purchasing said services; 

(iii) In the event the Authority fails to pay MID-CON promptly or within sixty (60) 
days after invoices are rendered, the Authority agrees that MID-CON shall have the right to 
consider said default a breach of this Agreement and the duties of MID-CON under this 
agreement terminated. In such event, the Authority shall then promptly pay MID-CON for all 
services performed and al1 allowable expenses incmTed; and 
(iv) The Authority may terminate this contract at any time giving at least ten (10) days 
notice in writing to MID-CON. Ifthe Agreement is terminated for convenience of the Authority 
as provided herein, MID-CON wil1 be paid for time provided and expenses incurred up to the 
termination date. 
Section 7. Change , Amendment , and Modifications. The Authority may, from 
time to time, require changes or modifications in the cop· of Work to be performed. Such 
changes, including any decrease or increase in the amount of consideration, which are mutually 
agreed upon by the Authority and MID-CON shall be incorporated in written amendments to this 
Agreement. 

Section 8. Personnel. MID-CON represents that it has, or will secure at its own 
expense, all personnel required in order to perform under this Agreement. Such personnel shall 
not be employees of, or have any contractual relationship to, the Authority. 

All services required hereunder will be performed by MID-CON or under its supervision 
and al1 personnel engaged in the work shall be fully qualified and shall be authorized or 
permitted under federal, state, and local law to perform such services. 

Agreement for Professional Services~Oklahoma City Urban 

Page 4

Renewal Authm ity and MLO-CON Data Service~, L L.C . 


None of the work or services covered by this Agreement shall be subcontracted without 
prior written approval of the Authority. Any work or services subcontracted hereunder shall be 
specified in written contract or agreement and shall be subject to each provision of this 
Agreement. 

Section 9. Assignability. MID-CON shall not assign any interest on this Agreement, 
and shall not transfer any interest on this Agreement (whether by assignment or notation), 
without prior written consent of the Authority thereto; provided, however, that claims for money 
by MID-CON from the Authority under this contract may be assigned to a bank, trust company, 
or other financial institution without such approval. Written notice of any such assignment or 
transfer shall be furnished promptly to the Authority by MfD-CON. 

Section 10. Reports and Information. MID-CON, at such times and in such forms 
as the Authority may require, shall furnish the Authority such periodic repo11s as it may request 
pertaining to the work or services undertaken pursuant to this Agreement, the costs and 
obligations incurred or to be incmTed in connection therewith, and any other matters covered by 
this Agreement. 

Section 11. Findings Confidential. All of the reports, information, data, etc., 
prepared or assembled by MID-CON under this Agreement are confidential and MID-CON 
agrees that they shall not be made available to any individual or organization without prior 
written approval of the Authority. 

Section 12. Copyright. No report, maps or other documents produced in whole or in 
pmt under this Agreement shall be subject of an application for copyright by or on behalf of 
MID-CON. 

Section 13. Compliance with Local Laws. MID-CON shall comply with all 
applicable laws, ordinances, and codes of the state and local government, and MID-CON shall 
save the Authority harmless with respect to any damages arising from any tort done in 
performing any of the work embraced by this Agreement. 

Section 14. Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Under Title VI of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964, no person shall, on the grounds of race, color, creed, religion, sex or national 
origin, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to 
discrimination under any program or activity receiving federal financial assistance. 

Section 15. Section 109 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974. 
No person in the United States shall on the grounds of race, color, creed, religion, sex or national 
origin be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination 
under any program or activity funded in whole or in part with funds made available under this 
title. 

Agreement for Professional Services-Oklahoma City lJrban 

Page 5 

Renewal Authority and MID-CON Data Service,, L.L.C. 


Section 16. Age Di ·crimination Act of 1975, as Amended. No person shall be 
excluded from participation, denied program benefits or subjeded lo discrimination on the basis 
of age under any program or activity receiving federal funding assistance. (42 U.S.C. § 610, et 
seq.) 

Section 17. Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as Amended. No 
otherwise qualified individual shall, solely by reason or his or her disability, be excluded from 
participation (including employment), denied program benefits, or su~jected to discrimination 
under any program or activity receiving Federal funds. (29 U.S.C. § 794) 

Section 18. Public L~,w 101-336, Americans with Di 'abilitic Act of 1990. Subject 
to the provisions of this title, no qualified individual with a disability shall, by reason of such 
disability, be excluded from participation in or be denied the benefits of the services, programs, 
or activities of a public entity, or be subjected to discrimination by any such entity. 

Section 19. Section 3 o1' the Housing and Communitv Development Act of 1968 Compliance 
in the Provision of Training, Emplovment, and Business Oppo1·tunities. 

a. The work to be performed tmder this Agree.ment is on a project assisted under a 
program providing direct federal financial assistance from llUD and is subj ect to the 
requirements of ection 3 of the Housing a11d Urban Development Act or 1968, as amended, 12 
U.S.C. § 1701 u. Section 3 requires Urnt to th-greatest extent fea 'ible, oppo11unities for training 
and employment be given lower-income residents of the project area; and contracts for work in 
connection with the project be awarded to business concerns which are located in, or owned in 
substantial pa.it, by persons residing in the area of the project. 
b. The parties to this Agreement will comply with the provisions of said Section 3 
and the regulations issued pursuant thereto by the Secretary of HUD set forth in 24 CFR 135, and 
all applicable rules and orders of HUD and the City issued thereunder prior to the execution of 
this Agreement. The parties to this Agreement certify and agree that they are under no 
contractual or other disability that would prevent them from complying with these provisions. 
c. MID-CON will send to each labor organization or representative of workers with 
which it has a collective bargaining agreement or other contract or understanding, if any, a notice 
advising the said labor organization or workers' representative of its commitments under this 
Section 3 clause and shall post copies of the notice in conspicuous places available to employees 
and applicants for employment or training. 
d. MID-CON will include this Section 3 clause in every subcontract for work in 
connection with the project and will, at the direction of the applicant, or recipient of federal 
financial assistance, take appropriate action pursuant to the subcontract upon a finding that the 
subcontractor is in violation of regulations issued by the Secretary of HUD, 24 CFR Pmi 135. 
MID-CON will not subcontract with any subcontractor where it has notice or knowledge that the 
latter has been found in violation of regulations under 24 CFR Part 135 and will not let any 
Agreement for Prokssional Services-Oklahoma City Urban 

Page 6 

Renewal Authority and MID-CON Data Servic~s. L.L.C. 


subcontract, unless the subcontractor has first provided it with a preliminary statement of ability 
to comply with the requirements ofthese regulations. 

e. Compliance with the provisions of Section 3, the regulations set forth in 24 CFR 
Pait 135, and all applicable rules and orders of HUD and the City issued hereunder p1;or to the 
execution of the contract, shall be a condition of the federal financial assistance provided to the 
project, binding upon the applicant or recipient for such assistance, its successors, and assigns. 
Failure to fulfill these requirements shall subject the applicant, or recipient, its consultants and 
subcontractors, its successors and assigned to those sanctions specified by the grant or loan 
agreement or contract through which federal assistance is provided, and to such sanctions as are 
specified by 24 CFR Part 135. 
Section 20. Equal Employment Opportunity. The patiies hereto shall comply with 
Executive Order I 1246, "Equal Employment Oppmiunity," as amended by Executive Order 
11375, "Amending Executive Order 11246 Relating to Equal Employment Oppmiunity," and as 
supplemented by regulations at 41 CFR part 60, "Office of Federal Contract Compliance 
Programs, Equal Employment Opportunity, Department of Labor." 

Section 21. Executive Order 13658. Executive Order 13658 requires that the hourly 
minimum wage paid by contractors or subcontractors to workers performing on Federal contracts 
or contracts funded with Federal funds must be (i) $10.10 per hour, beginning January 1, 2015; 
and (ii) beginning January 1, 2016, and annually thereafter, an amount determined by the 
Secretary of Labor. 

All contracts, including lower-tier subcontracts, must specify, as a condition of payment, 
that the minimum wage to be paid to workers, including workers whose wages are calculated 
pursuant to special certificates issued under 29 U.S.C. § 214(c),I in the performance of this 
Agreement or any subcontract thereunder, sha11 be at least $10.10 per hour beginning January 1, 
2015. 

Section 22. Interest of Board Members and Officers of the Authority. No member 
of the Board of Commissioners of the Authority and no other officer, employee, or agent of the 
Authority who exercises any functions or responsibilities in connection with the planning or 
carrying out of the project, shall have any personal financial interest, direct, or indirect, in this 
Agreement; and MID-CON shaH also take appropriate steps to assure compliance. 

Section 23. Interest of Other Public Officials. No member of the governing body of 
the locality and no other public official of such locality, who exercises any functions or 
responsibilities in com1ection with the planning or ca1Tying out of the project, shall have any 
personal financial interest, direct or indirect, in this contract; and MID-CON shall take 
appropriate steps to assure compliance. 

Section 24. Interest of MID-CON and Employees. MID-CON covenants that it 
presently has no interest and shall not acquire interest, direct or indirect, in the study area or any 
parcels therein or any other interest which would conflict in any manner or degree with the 

Agreement for Professional Services-Oklahoma City Urban 

Page 7 

Renew11l lluthority and MID-CON Data Services, L.L.C. 


performance of its services hereunder. MID-CON further covenants that in the performance of 
this Agreement, no person having such interest shall be employed. 

Section 25. Audits and Inspections. The Authority, City, and HUD or their delegates 
shall have the right to review and monitor the financial and other components of the work and 
services provided and undertaken as part of the CDBG project and this Agreement, by whatever 
legal and reasonable means are deemed expedient by the Authority, City, and HUD. 

Section 26. Hold Harmless. MID-CON agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Authority, its appointed and elective officers, and its employees, from and against all loss and 
expense, including attorney's fees and costs by reason of any and all claims and demands upon 
the Authority, its elected and appointed officers, and its employees from damages sustained by 
any person or persons arising out of or in consequence of MID-CON' s and its agents' negligent 
performance of work associated with this agreement. 

Section 27. Insurance. MID-CON shall provide Certificates of Insurance to the 
Authority naming the Authority as an additional insured for general liability and automobile 
policies, and shall provide proof of worker's compensation coverage to the Authority. 

Section 28. Governing Law. Should it become necessary to determine the meaning 
or otherwise interpret any word, phrase or provision of this Agreement, or should the terms in 
any way be the subject oflitigation in any court of laws or equity, it is agreed that the laws ofthe 
State of Oklahoma shall exclusively control same. 

Section 29. Counterparts. This Agreement is executed in multiple counterparts, each 
of which will constitute an original of this instrument. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the patiies hereto set their hands this __ day of 
2014. 

~~~~~~~~~~~--' 

MID-CON DATA SERVICES, L.L.C. OKLAHOMA CITY URBAN 
RENEWAL AUTHORITY 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
~~~~~~~By: 
Catherine O' Connor 
Executive Director 

Agreement for Professional Services-Oklahoma City Urbru1 

Page 8 

Renewal Authority and MIU-CON Data Services. L.L.C. 


EXHIBIT "A" 
SCOPE OF WORK 

Outline of Approach: 

MID-CON representatives met with Denise Balkas, C.0.0./VP of Operations of The Alliance for 
Economic Developmen · . wma City, Inc. ("Alliance"), the entity that contractually 
manages the Authorit) s prefgra , along with a couple of other staff members at Ms. 
Balkas's office. In addi · n, MUD-CO conducted a site visit to the records storage facility at 
the University of Oklahoma · s0a.i;.;.l ark. After the discussions and tour, MID-CON believes 
that the most thorough, yet cost effective way, to approach this project is in the following 
manner: 

Phase 1: T1·ansport/ eparate and ldentify Current Items in Off-site Storage 

• 
Prior to removal, Alliance personnel with or without MID-CON present should meet with 
legal counsel to discuss any records subject to special retention. 
• 
Remove all already known boxes from Storage areas that are already known that can be 
shredded. (MID-CON offers NAID certified Shredding. complete with Certificates of 
Destruction) 
• 
Transport the contents of the current off-site storage to MID-CON. 
• 
Upon. a.1;,i:iv,zj to MID-CON, MID-CON will have 2 people dedicated to going through the 
,contents sepru·' ·ng and boxing files into the following departments/categories: OCURA, 
PT. The under each department, files will separate into entities. 

:r..c.,'<l <' 'I-Exa':1ples will be, bul not limited to Jhefollowing: historical/archive, active items, 
'""-~ { okfor destruction, other, etc. NOTE: entitie~ will be predetermined/approved by 
Alliance staffprior to beginning 

• 
Once boxing is completed, boxes will be barcoded and scanned into the MCDS data base 
for tracking purposes. 
• 
Boxes would then be reviewed by Alliance personnel or placed directly in storage at 
MID-CON and reviewed now or during Phase II. That would be at the discretion of the 
Alliance. 
• 
Upon completion and final approval of the Alliance, schedule contact local archivist for 
deposit of historic items. 
Exhibit A: Scope of Work


Page 1

Records Mimagement Sludy 


Phase II: Submit Written Report of Finding of Phase 1/Approval To Move Forward 

• 
Upon Completion of Phase I, MID-CON will provide an outlined report complete with 
list of number of boxes and review the plan and process of implementation going forward 
with Authority staff. This report will include findings and recommendations from Phase 
I, along with recommendations and options moving forward (i.e., box level storage, file 
level storage, scanning, scan on demand, destruction, etc.) 
• 
Alliance for Economic Development of OKC Personnel would then make decision on 
which direction it would like to move. 
Phase III: 

-.,.

""'·
··

• 
Upon finalization process/approval of off-site processes, meet with key 1~nnel fol) 
managing the on-site records. ~( C 
(ry 

0

Estimated Budget for OCURA 
-q-~~( 

-V :i 


• 
Destruction: MID-CON will provide all shredding of paper documents at NO CHARGE. ~ 
MID-CON is NAID Certified. 
• 
Free pick up and transportation of existing items from the current off-site facility to 
MID-CON. 
• 
In order to go through all the existing filing cabinets, separate, box etc. as described in 
the outline of approach MID-CON will need to dedicate 2 people at a cost of $30.00 each 
per hour. Based on previous/similar type jobs we have done we estimate it would take 2 
people approximately 8 hours per file cabinet or a total of 16 billable hours per. Again 
this is an estimate, and will depend on how full each drawer is etc. 
• 
Estimated cost for the Authority: $11,160.00 (Note: this is based on the estimated 
number ofdrawers for the Authority.) 
Timeline: 

• 
Once agreement has been reached pick up process can begin within about a week. 
• 
It will take an estimated I business day per file cabinet to do the separating, etc., once 
MID-CON gets started. 
Qualifications: 

• 
MID-CON is Oklahoma's largest document management provider. MID-CON is locallyowned 
and operated since 1991, and represents businesses of all sizes and varieties: 
Fxhibit A: Scope of"Work


Page2

Rccords Mm1agcmcnt Study 


seismic oil and gas, law firms, medical providers, CPAS, cities, counties, state and 
federal agencies. 

• 
Phil Kerbo, Director of Sales and Marketing, will directly handle the Authority's account. 
Phil has been with MID-CON for 9 years and will follow the entire process closely and 
work closely with the team to on both sides to assure everything goes smoothly and 
timely. Phil has many years of experience handling numerous type and sizes of client 
projects involving many variables. 
• 
Paula Elliott, Operations Manager, is the Operations Manager and oversees the daily 
operations of the entire warehou e facilities, all the drivers, inventory crew, etc. Paula has 
many years of managerial experience and has managed our team well 
• 
There are always 5 people on call should you need access afterhours. 
• 
The Authority will be given a list contacts with mobile phone numbers, email addresses, 
etc., in order reach someone in case of any emergency. 
Responsibilities of the Alliance: 

• 
The main responsibility of the Alliance will be providing us a main point of contact. That 
point of contact will need to maintain open communications as needed throughout the 
process, to answer questions that may arise, etc. 
Professional Liability & Workers Comp Insurance: 

• 
Certificate of Insurance has been enclosed with MID-CON's submittal and received by 
the Authority. Workers Compensations Insurance Certificate will be provided to the 
Authority on or before the effective date of this Agreement. (Compsource) 
Business Credit and Check: 

• 
The completed form has been enclosed with MID-CON's submittal and received by the 
Authority. 
Exhibit A: Scope of Work-


Page3

Record~ Managemcnl Study 


