. Vault Management Incorporated 

STORAGE AGREEMENT 


Effective Date: July 30, 1997 
Account Number: 0267 
Name of Account: Mapco Coal, Inc. 

For the storage of off-site media upon the following terms and conditions: 

STORAGE AND SERVICE CHARGES 
Goods shall be stored in a temperature controlled environment meeting accepted industry standards. Access to 
the vault shall be restricted to authorized, trained personnel of VMI. Goods deposited in locked or sealed 
containers have not been examined or inventoried by VMI. VMI assumes no responsibility for the correct 
identity of the goods deposited. Goods shall be returned to the Client in the same condition as received. 
The storage charges for each calendar month shall be calculated on the maximum number of Media items or 
containers stored on any one day, or the reserved space, whichever is greater. Adjustments will be made on each 
subsequent invoice for extra storage; transportation. Storage fees and related charges are listed on Schedule "A". 

ACCESS TO DEPOSITED MATERIAL 
The goods deposited shall be delivered only to Client's personnel identified on Vault Management's Access Card 
Worksheet. It is the responsibility of the Client to notify VMI upon termination of any employee's 
authorization. 
Reasonable times, as stated in proposal, shall be allowed for retrieval and transportation of Media items. VMI 
accepts no liability for costs incurred due to delays caused by acts of God, war, or civil disturbances. 

LIMIT OF LIABILITY 
Liability of VMI for the loss, damage or destruction of the goods resulting from accidental or providential causes 
shall be limited to the replacement value of the media without considering any value for the information stored 
thereon. 

NON-PAYMENT AND LIEN 
VMI shall have a lien upon the goods stored for any past due moneys and any expense in obtaining past due 
moneys. If the company remains in default for a period of ninety (90) days, VMI may give the company thirty 

(30) days' notice by registered mail stating the amount due and that on or after the day designated in said notice, 
VMI may seize goods stored and hold the same for the account of the company. In the event that the company 
makes no demand for said goods within one (1) year after the goods have been seized, VMI will dispose of said 
goods and relinquish all responsibilities concerning said goods and information written thereon. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND DURATION 
The above named Client hereby acknowledges that this is a one (1) year contract, revisable the l21h month, with 
charges billed monthly. All invoices are to be paid net due upon receipt. This storage agreement, with agreed 
fees fixed, shall be automatically renewed with a yearly notification; unless terminated in writing by VMI or the 
Client thirty days prior to termination. 

This agreement effective on July 30, 1997 between Vault Management Incorporated and above named account, 
subject to the above terms and conditions for the storage of goods. 

Client Representative Vault Management Representative 

1/1<.£ lkfS1tHNr /tv/C(>P,.,.,l'r77o/V' ~s 
Av6-vS7" ~ tt:J<J 7 

6929 South Lewis· Tulsa, Oklahoma 74136-3914 -Phone (918) 496-1048 -Fax (918) 496-1021 


